Updates documentation (#160)
dedis/d-voting: README.md

1\) Initialization and 2\) Setup. The initialization creates a new RPC for nodes
to communicate and must be done on each node. The second step, setup, must be
executed on one of the node. The setup step starts the DKG protocol and
generates the key-pair. Once done, the D-Voting smart contract can be called to
open the election, which will retrieve the DKG public key and save it on the
smart contract.

[1]: https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/1754868.1754929

### Verifiable shuffling

The shuffling service ensures that encrypted votes can not be linked to their
voters. Once the service is setup, each node can perform what we call a
"shuffling step". A shuffling step re-orders an array of elements such that
integrity of the elements is guarantee (i.e no elements have been modified,
added, or removed), but one can't trace how elements have been re-ordered. 

In D-Voting we use the Neff [[2]] implementation of verifiable shuffling. Once
an election is closed, an admin can trigger the shuffling steps from the nodes.
During this phase, every node perform a shuffling on the current list of
encrypted ballots and try to submit it to the D-Voting smart contract. The smart

> contract will accept only one shuffling step per block, and nodes repeat their
> shuffling step with the latest shuffled list until their shuffling step has been
> accepted or a threshold of nodes successfully submitted their shuffling steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contract will accept only one shuffling operation per block in the blockchain,
and nodes re-try to shuffle the ballots, using the latest shuffled list in the blockchain, until the result of their shuffling has been committed to the blockchain or a threshold of nodes successfully submitted their own shuffling results.
```
